Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: configuration/powersync-service/cloud-instances.mdx

---
title: "PowerSync Cloud Instances"
sidebarTitle: "Cloud Instances"

> description: "Create and configure PowerSync Cloud instances with database connections and sync rules."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Create and configure PowerSync Cloud instances with a database connection"
```
